3.

select distinct ?property ?value
where
{
  ?x a <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Politician>.
  ?x ?property ?value.
  FILTER(?property != rdf:type)
}LIMIT 150



http://es.dbpedia.org/resource/Marcia_Alicia_Fernández_Piña	"Marcia Alicia Fernández Piña"@es
http://es.dbpedia.org/resource/Argentina_Rubiera	"Argentina Rubiera"@es
http://es.dbpedia.org/resource/Francisco_Pizano_de_Brigard	"Francisco Pizano de Brigard"@es
http://es.dbpedia.org/resource/Gabriel_Barceló	"Gabriel Barceló"@es
http://es.dbpedia.org/resource/Gabriel_Cruz	"Gabriel Cruz"@es
http://es.dbpedia.org/resource/Guillermo_Novara	"Guillermo Novara"@es
http://es.dbpedia.org/resource/Gustavo_Oliva	"Gustavo Oliva"@es
http://es.dbpedia.org/resource/Mario_Alberto_Dávila_Delgado	"Mario Alberto Dávila Delgado"@es
http://es.dbpedia.org/resource/Raquel_Barajas	"Raquel Barajas"@es
http://es.dbpedia.org/resource/Rodrigo_Hermosilla_Gatica	"Rodrigo Hermosilla Gatica"@es
http://es.dbpedia.org/resource/Sergio_Sepúlveda_Corvalán	"Sergio Sepúlveda Corvalán"@es
http://es.dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_Botran	"Albert Botran"@es
http://es.dbpedia.org/resource/Antoni_Castellà	"Antoni Castellà"@es
http://es.dbpedia.org/resource/Benet_Salellas	"Benet Salellas"@es
http://es.dbpedia.org/resource/Clemente_Agosto	"Clemente Agosto"@es
http://es.dbpedia.org/resource/Diego_García_de_García_Vilas	"Diego García de García Vilas"@es
http://es.dbpedia.org/resource/Gabriela_Serra	"Gabriela Serra"@es
http://es.dbpedia.org/resource/Gian_Nicola_Berti	"Gian Nicola Berti"@es
http://es.dbpedia.org/resource/Ingrid_Schemelensky	"Ingrid Schemelensky"@es
http://es.dbpedia.org/resource/Isabel_Muradàs	"Isabel Muradàs"@es
http://es.dbpedia.org/resource/Jesús_Gerardo_Izquierdo_Rojas	"Jesús Gerardo Izquierdo Rojas"@es
http://es.dbpedia.org/resource/Meritxell_Ruiz	"Meritxell Ruiz"@es
http://es.dbpedia.org/resource/Meritxell_Serret	"Meritxell Serret"@es
http://es.dbpedia.org/resource/Miriam_Prado_Carrascal	"Miriam Prado Carrascal"@es
http://es.dbpedia.org/resource/Pablo_Pérez_Tremps	"Pablo Pérez Tremps"@es
http://es.dbpedia.org/resource/Roque_Sevilla	"Roque Sevilla"@es
http://es.dbpedia.org/resource/Santiago_Aparicio	"Santiago Aparicio"@es
http://es.dbpedia.org/resource/Mieko_Yoshimura	"Mieko Yoshimura"@es
http://es.dbpedia.org/resource/Abdelkader_Taleb_Omar	"Abdelkader Taleb Omar"@es
http://es.dbpedia.org/resource/Abel_Caballero	"Abel Caballero"@es
http://es.dbpedia.org/resource/Abel_Salinas_Izaguirre	"Abel Salinas Izaguirre"@es
http://es.dbpedia.org/resource/Abelardo_Carrillo_Zavala	"Abelardo Carrillo Zavala"@es
http://es.dbpedia.org/resource/Achille_Occhetto	"Achille Occhetto"@es
http://es.dbpedia.org/resource/Ada_de_Caria	"Ada de Caria"@es
http://es.dbpedia.org/resource/Adalbert_Krieger_Vasena	"Adalbert Krieger Vasena"@es
http://es.dbpedia.org/resource/Adelardo_López_de_Ayala	"Adelardo López de Ayala"@es
http://es.dbpedia.org/resource/Agustín_Basave_Benítez	"Agustín Basave Benítez"@es
http://es.dbpedia.org/resource/Agustín_Edwards_Mac-Clure	"Agustín Edwards Mac-Clure"@es
http://es.dbpedia.org/resource/Ahmed_Ben_Bella	"Ahmed Ben Bella"@es
http://es.dbpedia.org/resource/Alberto_Alvarado_Arámburo	"Alberto Alvarado Arámburo"@es
http://es.dbpedia.org/resource/Alberto_Anaya	"Alberto Anaya"@es
http://es.dbpedia.org/resource/Alberto_Begné_Guerra	"Alberto Begné Guerra"@es
http://es.dbpedia.org/resource/Alberto_Carnevali	"Alberto Carnevali"@es
http://es.dbpedia.org/resource/Alberto_Fermín_Zubiría	"Alberto Fermín Zubiría"@es
http://es.dbpedia.org/resource/Alberto_Icare	"Alberto Icare"@es
http://es.dbpedia.org/resource/Alberto_Oliart	"Alberto Oliart"@es
http://es.dbpedia.org/resource/Alberto_Pandolfi_Arbulú	"Alberto Pandolfi Arbulú"@es
http://es.dbpedia.org/resource/Alberto_Quintanilla	"Alberto Quintanilla"@es
http://es.dbpedia.org/resource/Alda_Lazo_Ríos	"Alda Lazo Ríos"@es
http://es.dbpedia.org/resource/Alejandro_Aguinaga	"Alejandro Aguinaga"@es
http://es.dbpedia.org/resource/Alejandro_Cervantes_Delgado	"Alejandro Cervantes Delgado"@es
http://es.dbpedia.org/resource/Alejandro_Chanona	"Alejandro Chanona"@es
http://es.dbpedia.org/resource/Alejandro_García-Huidobro	"Alejandro García-Huidobro"@es
http://es.dbpedia.org/resource/Alejandro_González_Yáñez	"Alejandro González Yáñez"@es
http://es.dbpedia.org/resource/Alejandro_Navarro	"Alejandro Navarro"@es
http://es.dbpedia.org/resource/Alejandro_Zapata_Perogordo	"Alejandro Zapata Perogordo"@es
http://es.dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Dubček	"Alexander Dubček"@es
http://es.dbpedia.org/resource/Alfonso_Barrantes_Lingán	"Alfonso Barrantes Lingán"@es
http://es.dbpedia.org/resource/Alfonso_Corona_del_Rosal	"Alfonso Corona del Rosal"@es
http://es.dbpedia.org/resource/Alfonso_García-Gallo	"Alfonso García-Gallo"@es
http://es.dbpedia.org/resource/Alfredo_Baranda_García	"Alfredo Baranda García"@es
http://es.dbpedia.org/resource/Alfredo_Ferrero_Diez_Canseco	"Alfredo Ferrero Diez Canseco"@es
http://es.dbpedia.org/resource/Alfredo_Jaime_Irujo	"Alfredo Jaime Irujo"@es
http://es.dbpedia.org/resource/Alfredo_Ovando_Candía	"Alfredo Ovando Candía"@es
http://es.dbpedia.org/resource/Algirdas_Brazauskas	"Algirdas Brazauskas"@es
http://es.dbpedia.org/resource/Ali_Hassan_al-Mayid	"Ali Hassan al-Mayid"@es
http://es.dbpedia.org/resource/Allan_Wagner_Tizón	"Allan Wagner Tizón"@es
http://es.dbpedia.org/resource/Alonso_de_Vera_y_Aragón,_el_Tupí	"Alonso de Vera y Aragón, el Tupí"@es
http://es.dbpedia.org/resource/Alonso_de_Vera_y_Aragón_y_Calderón	"Alonso de Vera y Aragón y Calderón"@es
http://es.dbpedia.org/resource/Amadeo_Bordiga	"Amadeo Bordiga"@es
http://es.dbpedia.org/resource/Amin_al-Husayni	"Amin al-Husayni"@es
http://es.dbpedia.org/resource/Ana_Mato	"Ana Mato"@es
http://es.dbpedia.org/resource/Ana_Rosa_Payán	"Ana Rosa Payán"@es
http://es.dbpedia.org/resource/Anastasio_Bustamante	"Anastasio Bustamante"@es
http://es.dbpedia.org/resource/Andrés_Galván_Rivas	"Andrés Galván Rivas"@es
http://es.dbpedia.org/resource/Andrés_Townsend_Ezcurra	"Andrés Townsend Ezcurra"@es
http://es.dbpedia.org/resource/Angélica_Moya_Marín	"Angélica Moya Marín"@es
http://es.dbpedia.org/resource/Anselmo_Marini	"Anselmo Marini"@es
http://es.dbpedia.org/resource/Antolín_Sánchez_Presedo	"Antolín Sánchez Presedo"@es
http://es.dbpedia.org/resource/Antoni_Castells	"Antoni Castells"@es
http://es.dbpedia.org/resource/Antonio_Domínguez_Ortiz	"Antonio Domínguez Ortiz"@es
http://es.dbpedia.org/resource/Antonio_González_y_González	"Antonio González y González"@es
http://es.dbpedia.org/resource/Antonio_Martínez_Báez	"Antonio Martínez Báez"@es
http://es.dbpedia.org/resource/Antonio_Muñoz_Vera	"Antonio Muñoz Vera"@es
http://es.dbpedia.org/resource/Antonio_Rodríguez_San_Juan	"Antonio Rodríguez San Juan"@es
http://es.dbpedia.org/resource/Antonio_Rumeu_de_Armas	"Antonio Rumeu de Armas"@es
http://es.dbpedia.org/resource/Antonio_Vespucio_Liberti	"Antonio Vespucio Liberti"@es
http://es.dbpedia.org/resource/Antonio_del_Viso	"Antonio del Viso"@es
http://es.dbpedia.org/resource/Antton_Karrera	"Antton Karrera"@es
http://es.dbpedia.org/resource/Antón_Cañellas	"Antón Cañellas"@es
http://es.dbpedia.org/resource/Aquileo_Parra	"Aquileo Parra"@es
http://es.dbpedia.org/resource/Armando_Calderón_Sol	"Armando Calderón Sol"@es
http://es.dbpedia.org/resource/Armando_Enríquez_Flores	"Armando Enríquez Flores"@es
http://es.dbpedia.org/resource/Arnoldo_Ochoa_González	"Arnoldo Ochoa González"@es
http://es.dbpedia.org/resource/Artemio_Iglesias	"Artemio Iglesias"@es
http://es.dbpedia.org/resource/Artemisia_II_de_Caria	"Artemisia II de Caria"@es
http://es.dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_Dion_Hanna	"Arthur Dion Hanna"@es
http://es.dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_Griffith	"Arthur Griffith"@es
http://es.dbpedia.org/resource/Artur_Bernardes	"Artur Bernardes"@es
http://es.dbpedia.org/resource/Arturo_Escobar_y_Vega	"Arturo Escobar y Vega"@es
http://es.dbpedia.org/resource/Arturo_Lezama	"Arturo Lezama"@es
http://es.dbpedia.org/resource/August_Zaleski	"August Zaleski"@es
http://es.dbpedia.org/resource/Augusto_Fragoso	"Augusto Fragoso"@es
http://es.dbpedia.org/resource/Augusto_González_Besada	"Augusto González Besada"@es
http://es.dbpedia.org/resource/Bailey_Olter	"Bailey Olter"@es
http://es.dbpedia.org/resource/Barbara_Boxer	"Barbara Boxer"@es
http://es.dbpedia.org/resource/Bartolomé_González_Jiménez	"Bartolomé González Jiménez"@es
http://es.dbpedia.org/resource/Bartolomé_Masó	"Bartolomé Masó"@es
http://es.dbpedia.org/resource/Bartomeu_Terrades_Brutau	"Bartomeu Terrades Brutau"@es
http://es.dbpedia.org/resource/Beatriz_Mojica_Morga	"Beatriz Mojica Morga"@es
http://es.dbpedia.org/resource/Beatriz_Zavala_Peniche	"Beatriz Zavala Peniche"@es
http://es.dbpedia.org/resource/Begoña_Errazti	"Begoña Errazti"@es
http://es.dbpedia.org/resource/Belisario_Velasco	"Belisario Velasco"@es
http://es.dbpedia.org/resource/Benazir_Bhutto	"Benazir Bhutto"@es
http://es.dbpedia.org/resource/Bernardo_Bátiz	"Bernardo Bátiz"@es
http://es.dbpedia.org/resource/Bernardo_Grinspun	"Bernardo Grinspun"@es
http://es.dbpedia.org/resource/Bill_Frist	"Bill Frist"@es
http://es.dbpedia.org/resource/Camilo_Alonso_Vega	"Camilo Alonso Vega"@es
http://es.dbpedia.org/resource/Camilo_Escalona	"Camilo Escalona"@es
http://es.dbpedia.org/resource/Carlos_Aceves_del_Olmo	"Carlos Aceves del Olmo"@es
http://es.dbpedia.org/resource/Carlos_Antonio_Mendoza	"Carlos Antonio Mendoza"@es
http://es.dbpedia.org/resource/Carlos_Arellano_Baeza	"Carlos Arellano Baeza"@es
http://es.dbpedia.org/resource/Carlos_Chaurand	"Carlos Chaurand"@es
http://es.dbpedia.org/resource/Carlos_Díaz_Medina	"Carlos Díaz Medina"@es
http://es.dbpedia.org/resource/Carlos_Hermosillo	"Carlos Hermosillo"@es
http://es.dbpedia.org/resource/Carlos_Humberto_Perette	"Carlos Humberto Perette"@es
http://es.dbpedia.org/resource/Carlos_Humberto_Romero	"Carlos Humberto Romero"@es
http://es.dbpedia.org/resource/Carlos_Jiménez_Macías	"Carlos Jiménez Macías"@es
http://es.dbpedia.org/resource/Carlos_Julio_Arosemena_Monroy	"Carlos Julio Arosemena Monroy"@es
http://es.dbpedia.org/resource/Carlos_Julio_Arosemena_Tola	"Carlos Julio Arosemena Tola"@es
http://es.dbpedia.org/resource/Carlos_Juárez	"Carlos Juárez"@es
http://es.dbpedia.org/resource/Carlos_Lage_Dávila	"Carlos Lage Dávila"@es
http://es.dbpedia.org/resource/Carlos_Madrazo	"Carlos Madrazo"@es
http://es.dbpedia.org/resource/Carlos_Marfori	"Carlos Marfori"@es
http://es.dbpedia.org/resource/Carlos_Navarrete_Ruiz	"Carlos Navarrete Ruiz"@es
http://es.dbpedia.org/resource/Carlos_Prío_Socarrás	"Carlos Prío Socarrás"@es
http://es.dbpedia.org/resource/Carlos_Raffo_Arce	"Carlos Raffo Arce"@es
http://es.dbpedia.org/resource/Carlos_Rivera_Aceves	"Carlos Rivera Aceves"@es
http://es.dbpedia.org/resource/Carlos_Rojas_Gutiérrez	"Carlos Rojas Gutiérrez"@es
http://es.dbpedia.org/resource/Carlos_Sotelo_García	"Carlos Sotelo García"@es
http://es.dbpedia.org/resource/Carlos_Tejedor	"Carlos Tejedor"@es
http://es.dbpedia.org/resource/Carlos_da_Graça	"Carlos da Graça"@es
http://es.dbpedia.org/resource/Carmen_Alborch	"Carmen Alborch"@es
http://es.dbpedia.org/resource/Carolina_Tohá	"Carolina Tohá"@es
http://es.dbpedia.org/resource/Cayetano_Antonio_Licciardo	"Cayetano Antonio Licciardo"@es
http://es.dbpedia.org/resource/Cecilia_Chacón	"Cecilia Chacón"@es
http://es.dbpedia.org/resource/Cecilia_Romero_Castillo	"Cecilia Romero Castillo"@es
http://es.dbpedia.org/resource/Cecilia_Soto	"Cecilia Soto"@es
http://es.dbpedia.org/resource/Celso_Humberto_Delgado	"Celso Humberto Delgado"@es
http://es.dbpedia.org/resource/Clara_Brugada	"Clara Brugada"@es